[UNR-2626] Ability Giving Gym (#307)
spatialos/UnrealGDKTestGyms: USER_MANUAL.md

  1. Start the gym again and note that the level actors should be at their previous shutdown positions, not their original positions. You can do this repeatedly.
  1. The test has now passed. Don’t forget to revert the two settings changes you made before you run another test.

##### Ability Giving Gym

> Tests that ability specs given on different servers can be activated correctly via their handle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests that ability specifications given to an AbilitySystemComponent on two different servers can be activated correctly via their handles.
```

Author: Calling them specs here because the type name in the code is `FGameplayAbilitySpec`. Do you feel strongly about the written out word?

Reviewer: No, in that case spec is fine. I'd still prefer that you include the rest of the changes in this snippet.

Author: Yea ofc

* How to test:
  * Go to `Edit > Editor Preferences > Level Editor - Play > Multiplayer Options > Run Under One Process`. Disable this option.
  * Play with one client.

>   * On the server that you spawned on, press Q.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * In the client, with your character still on the server that it spawned on, press `Q` on your keyboard.
```

    In the spatial output log, you should see the following two lines:
    > Giving and running ability with level 1
    > 
    > Ability activated on AbilityGivingGymCharacter_BP with Level 1
    
    Importantly, the level number stated in the two lines should match. 

>   * Move the character to the other server, press E.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Move the character to the other server and then press `E` on your keyboard.
```

    In the spatial output log, you should see the following two lines:
    > Giving and running ability with level 2
    >
    > Ability activated on AbilityGivingGymCharacter_BP with Level 2
    

>     Again, the two level numbers should match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Again, the two level numbers should match. If they do, the test has passed.
```
